Skip proxy injection in giantswarm namespace (#131)
giantswarm/linkerd-control-plane-app: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

- Sync with upstream repo [#120](https://github.com/giantswarm/linkerd-control-plane-app/pull/120).
  - Add templated values for noop image 
  - Move giantswarm labels into partials chart
  - Fix workflow for automated PR creation

> - Avoids the proxy-injector to inspect giantswarm namespace and try to inject linkerd proxy on the chart-operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoids the proxy-injector to inspect giantswarm namespace. To mitigate issues we saw with the chart-operator running there.
```
